DStum:
Timeboxing
Moving of subtasks - needs to be done before or on dstum.
During planning, we are creating generic tasks and saying that we'll split once we start with the implementation. But it doesn't happen.
We decided that we'll create a task that can be completed in 1 day, but this is not happening.
Analysis - simply it's written as functional and technical, but what is that we are doing? do we've to document somewhere?
Don't talk too much on technical details. Report on things that are relevant to everyone in the meeting.Let's discuss technical with only the reqd. persons.
I still feel proper comments are not added to the story.
Team should be able to tell all the impacted areas, whether regresstion testing is required atleast by the middle of sprint so that tester can plan accordingly.
Team should be highlight the risks for their story/task atleast by the middle of sprint instead of the person who is driving the dstum
Everyday someone monitors the sonarqube and update in dstum. Maybe we can start alphabetically. 1 person for each week
Anand/Sandhya to monitor bug board everyday
mention the impediments in each story so that anyone can refer at any time
Let's summarize at the end the status of sprint
PPl on training, not giving proper update



Review:
Team is saying they are writing pseudo junits, but it's not shown to anyone for peer review
For peer review, junits should be ready and all the sonarqube issues should be addressed
For architect review, it's been decided that we'll move the architect task  to indicate that it's ready for review so that Arhictect can plan for review. Also all peer review/rework should be completed.
For private method, yes no java doc is required. But if the developer feels method is complicated, then suggest to write java docs
When do we want to have check for Documentation?
Most of the time we forgot to put loggers in the code. Think of error and exception handling
100% code coverage, write junits for exception scenarios as well
Are the comments sufficient to understand the procedure and the intention of test? Is it easy to understand what every test method covers and why & how it does that?


Syncup
Do we need to have this call? we created this for some purpose which is not happening now a days.



